1. The information about doctors is stored into a text file. Each doctor has a name and a specialisation (both strings). This file is manually created and it is read when the application starts.
2. Another file contains information about the patients. Each patient has a name, a diagnosis, the specialisation needed for that diagnostic, the current doctor- the name of the doctor that takes care of the patient (all strings) and an admission date. For patients without a diagnostic the default value for the diagnosis will be "undiagnosed", while for the specialisation needed and the current doctor the values will be empty strings.
3. When the aplication is launched, a new window is created for each doctor, having the doctor's name as the title. The window will show all patients with the same needed specialisation as the doctor's specialisation, as well as the "undiagnosed" patients, all are sorted ascending by admission date. The patients treated by the current doctor are shown with a green background.
4. A checkbox will allow the doctors to see only the patients for whom they are the current doctor When the box is checked only the patients who have as current doctor the name of the doctor, when it is unchecked all patients with the doctor's specialisation, as well as the undiagnosed patiens will be shown.
5. Doctors can add new patients, by inputting all required information (specialisation, diagnosis and doctor can also be empty). Display an error if the patient name is empty or if the admission date is in the past.
6. A doctor can update the diagnosis and specialisation needed for a patient, but only for patients who either don't have a diagnosis or for the patients for whom he is the current doctor. If the new needed specialisation is different from the specialisation of the doctor, the patient is moved to the doctor with the new specialization. The diagnosis must be a valid one, it cannot be changed to "undiagnosed".
7. Another window will show a visual statistic (e.g. proportional circles/rectangles) about the number of patients per specialisation, including the undiagnosed patients.
8. When a modification is made by any doctor, all other doctors will automatically see the modifications. The statistics window will also be updated. 
9. When the application finishes, the patient file is updated.
