1. The information about all registered couriers is in a text file. Each Courier has a name (string), a list of assigned streets and a zone, given as a circle (coordinates for centre and a radius). This file is manually created and it is read when the application starts.
2. Another file contains information about packages. Each Package has a recipient (string), an address street and number, the location (2 coordinates), and a delivery status (bool). These are read when the application starts.
3. When the application is launched, a new window is created for each courier, having as title the courier's name. The zone for the courier is also shown. The window will show in a list only the undelivered packages (with all their information) that are assigned to the courier: the street on the package is in the list of streets of the courier or the location of the package is within the courier's zone.
4. Another "courier company" window shows all packages, with all their information. Delivered packages are shown with a green background. Using this window, any company employee can add a new package, by inputting its information. When adding a new package the delivery status is false.
5. In the courier window, a combo box will be populated with all streets and will allow the couriers to see only the packages for the selected street.
6. Couriers can deliver packages by selecting a package and pressing a "Deliver" button. The package's status delivery changes to true and package disappears from the courier's window.
7. A new window will show all undelivered packages on a "map". Each package is shown with a geometrical figure (circle, rectangle), according to its coordinates.
8. When a modification is made by any courier or by a company employee, everyone will see it, automatically. The map window will also be updated automatically. Use the Observer design pattern.
9. When the application closes, the packages file will be updated.
